So the way that we define
parallel states is,
go to the exercise, type in index.js.
We define parallel states by
giving it type, parallel.
And this is how we know
that the states inside
are all going to be
active at the same time.
Now because of this we don't need
to define an initial state because
all of those states are by
defaults initial states and
they represent regions not exactly states.
So we could have more than one states for
example, we will just start this,
we would have the mode, and
we could have the brightness.
Now, the mode, this state itself
is what's called compound states.
And compound states are those nested
states that we were talking about.
So this does have an initial state, and
like we remember from the last example,
it's initial state was light and
it could have two possible states such as
brights and dark.
For brightness,
we could have an initial state of brights.
And then we could have two possible
states, so states Right in dim.
So let's go ahead and
see what this looks like.
If we console .log it.
So console .log, we're just going
to log the state .value to see.
All right, so if we go to exercise 11.
Cool, all right.
We're in the hidden state now, but
once we turn it on,
we see that we're in more than one state.
So this is where that
object syntax really helps.
We're both in the brightness .bright
state in the mode .lights states.
So, obviously I didn't add any
transitions, but this is where
you're gonna change for example,
mode to dark or brightness to dim, etc.
So Johan asks is region
in orthogonal state?
Yes.
So you could consider
both of those regions.
And in fact, if we take this,
and we put it in the visualizer.
[BLANK AUDIO] You can see
those regions visualized.
So when you turn them on, you're going
to see that we enter both the mode and
brightness parents states, and
we entered their initial
states at the exact same time.
What we wants to do is we wants to
transition between the light and
dark states when we switch, and we want to
go from bright to dim after five seconds
and dim to bright on
that same switch events.
So, good luck.